All right here we go.
I'm super pumped to start building this brain and I'm really happy to show you this tool this amazing
Karin's tool which you will see will fully understand how to create any brain any fully connected neural
network you'd like for your business problem or any other kind of application that you would like to
do.
So let's do this.
We already import the libraries and now we are ready to build this brain.
And so as I said in the previous tutorial we'll build this brain.
We're going to build a class so that we can create as many brenne objects as we want.
And that's why right now we have to start with class because indeed that's the way you introduce a new
class in Python.
And remember you have to give the name of the class which we call brain.
And then the input will just enter object because indeed we're going to build our brain objects from
scratch without the use of any inheritance because for example in this Burundi's is here you can input
some other classes you know from which you want to use their tools.
And doing this is called inheritance.
But here we are directly in putting the object.
We are going to build so that no inheritance is used.
OK then CULLEN And here we go.
Let's start with the first and only step.
Yes this will be the only step of this brain class.
We only have to make the init method.
Why is that.
Well think about it you know in the environment implementation we realize that we indeed introduced
and initialized all the variables.
And for some of them we initialized them by using some other object variables you know we introduced
an initialized intrinsic temperature here as a function of the atmospheric temperature which is another
self object very well and the current number of users and the rate of data which are some other object
variables.
So that means that only with this init method we can build something by playing with the object variables.
And so since as I told you in the previous tutorial we were going to create some objects of these classes
such as the hidden layers with the dance class or the fully assembled model with the model class.
Well that means that in this method will actually be able to build the full architecture of our neural
network by simply creating some variables as some objects of these classes.
All right you're going to see it's going to become super clear once we start using them.
So let's do this you understood we only have here to build it method and therefore this implementation
as I told you will be done in only a few lines of code.
Actually in total less than 20 lines of code compared to what we build before.
This feels pretty good.
OK.
So here we go with that in it method which will take as input three arguments the first one it must
be a reflex hear itself of course which will refer to all the object variables which will create here
but which will build the neural networks all by themselves.
And then the second argument which is inevitable you know you will always use this argument especially
if you want to do some tuning is the learning rate.
There is always a learning rate when building a neural network.
And usually the values are either 0.01 or 0.01 and we are going to point 0 0 1.
And so the learning rate for those of you who don't know.
Well basically it's like the speed at which a neural network will learn how to perform better and better
actions.
OK.
So the lower is the learning rate the smaller will be the dates of the weight during the back propagation
through great in the sense you know with the optimizer and the higher learning rate the higher will
be the update of the weight and therefore the faster your neural network will learn.
But if their learning rates too high the neural network might not learn very well.
OK so this is a good value.
And by the way this is a default value that I enter here is a parameter but will have to enter it again.
Once we create our brain objects in both the training and the testing.
OK.
And then final argument which will be the number of actions.
And of course this is going to be the number of actions that the AI can perform.
You know to regulate the surface temperature and remember that our AI can return five possible actions
which are these ones here.
And therefore number of actions here will be entered as five.
And again we can specify a default value and well let's put 5 but we'll have to enter it again.
OK so perfect.
Here we go.
We are ready to define all the object variables.
So let's do that in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.